---
slug: cup-deep
title: Cup Deep
authors: [waasiq]
tags: [mental health, fiction]
date: 2019-05-01
---

# Cup Deep! 

<p style = {{textAlign:"justify"}}>
I look at the stars imagining her gentle touch. The days when we used to talk until 5 in the morning, those memories run rampant through my mind, a gentle tear rolls down my cheek. I look around and the darkness around me consumes me into itself. I remember the time I used to check her ID 15 times in one day and I couldn't stop; a little ray of hope rises in my heart ‘ Maybe she thinks about you’ but the surrounding pulls me back into my senses as I hear a scream nearby; this is normal to me. Screams, tears, and depression are not new, this is all a part of the routine for me. I open my eyes to come into real life, my eyes are watery and I am sitting with a cup of coffee in my hand in an empty cafe. I want to get lost again, get lost into the imaginary world where I was tasting happiness where I had a role model to look to, where I would not have to self-teach myself everything and tackle depression on daily basis. A world where I have someone to talk to a bit daily and someone to just ask how I was doing while looking and smiling at me. I want to get lost in this deep cup of coffee I am drinking. I don’t want my mind to kill me so hard and the negativity to destroy my brain receptors on daily basis, I want her to understand that I loved her and cared for her. The waitress spills a cup of coffee nearby and all my thoughts take a break instantly, I look out for the snow and the people walking and following the traditional life like a shallow cup, I want to be like them not caring much for anything. I don’t want to logically question each thing I do and look it in such a deep perspective but like this deep cup of coffee, I can’t change my shape. 
<br / > <br />
A girl gets into to the café and my eyes meet hers but I instantly draw to myself, I can’t do this to myself I can’t stand another torturous period in my life I say. Things are swaying in all direction and I close my eyes again: the screaming has now stopped far away but a light is coming towards me. “No use Waasiq”, the inner voice screams instantly but the heart is curious. The light gets brighter and brighter, that might be the redemption “the end” and in an instant I pass out in my mind. 
<br /> <br />
“Things are going to be extremely hard”. I am in a warehouse thinking of what has happened to me. The mind might go crazy; the girl smiles at me across the table and I retreat instantly. I am sure my cheeks are red but I can’t stop laughing at my face, she might not understand the complexity of this situation. “Why all this repeated struggle?” the voice pulls me back like a black hole to back into the mind itself. I am at a lake somewhere I don’t know where but I see no one. My random thoughts literally are trying to make my brain suicide, “Why are you working Waasiq”. I turn around and see my friends in a sudden instant, a bus passes through on the road opposite and suddenly explodes. My heartbeat is rising I can feel it in real life. The girl is constantly looking at me as if I am going to go and talk to her but I know I won’t because the ashes within can’t be lit on to fire again. The mind pulls into itself again now I am in a cup of coffee looking outside at myself thinking about life. This is the spectator's mode I was thinking of, I think that why this poor thing is killing itself so hard. “Things can be hard sometimes for everyone but life is like to suffer always and die?”  Even in that mug of coffee, I am dissecting every inch of myself. A person hits me on my head and I start bleeding. The coffee starts turning red and each moment of my life passes like an instant, I pass out. 
<br /><br />
I come back to my senses all together realizing what has happened. Sometimes life pulls you into the past, into the darkness where you can’t understand anything in life, in an imaginary hell where you are the victim of everything. Sometimes things feel like forever and understanding them on a higher level requires your brain to fight yourself, some of you reading this might never understand what I mean, sometimes to understand things you need to give all your physical peace and things. In order to taste the sugar particles in a deep cup of coffee, you need to drink the coffee first and understand what you just drank. Gautama Buddha, Prophet (PBUH), Lao Tzu, and several others might have experienced these and even people experience them sometimes but they numb it because they lack the capability to understand what is happening. Understand that feeling, embrace the uniqueness, the past mistakes and your nature, question everything and then you would feel the true taste of coffee rather the sugary coated things in life. The caffeine of the coffee would drive you crazy and wonders would happen in a cup deep of coffee. 
</p>