---
slug: stockholm
title: My Adventures in Stockholm
authors: [waasiq]
tags: [erasmus, travel]
date: 2021-11-21
---

# My Adventures in Stockholm 

<p style = {{textAlign:"justify"}}>
Stockholm was the city I had planned a lot about, it was the first destination in my Europe trip. Luckily I had found a Swedish person which would host me for Stockholm else it might have been impossible for me to even do my complete trip. I arrived Arlanda Airport in the evening and had to take a bus to Marsta to my host, as soon as I got out of the airport I fell a chill in the air. The air was quite cold and the airport was a bit complex. My google maps as usual went bonkers so I had to navigate to the bus stop, I got out of the airport and tried to go here and there when an airport personnel spotted me and helped me find the way to the bus stop. I thanked and reached the bus stop and tried to use the SL app to book my ticket, eventually after booking it I got on the bus and started towards my destination.

I reached the destination of my host Dale and then messaged him to ask for the apartment, he came downstairs and then greeted me. We went upstairs to his apartment and I settled in a bit and then we slowly started to talk. It was the first ever couch surfing experience for me and somewhat I wasn't scared at all. Dale seemed like a cool person and we talked a lot about his life how he had lived in boarding school since childhood in different countries. When Dale was born Dale's parents didn't want him so he was sent to a Godmother in France who looked after him until he was 12. After 12 Dale was put into a boarding school by his family because apparently his Godmother thought he was old enough. 

Since 12 Dale has lived in boarding schools in Germany, South Africa, France, Canada and some other countries. As a result of all this he had understanding of several languages and had experienced a lot of cultures over his lifetime. Dale's father was Canadian and his mother Swedish so he had two passports at a time. Dale went to Canada to study French and Music in his bachelor years and graduated early. He then started to teach French at the age of just 20 (he was 35 at the moment I met him). Dale was currently working as a Music and French teacher in an international school in Stockholm and was quite dedicated in his job. He made sure that his students were putting investment into what they were learning and according to him the students weren't that motivated to study French.

Dale had to throw his garbage out so I helped him with his garbage and he showed me how they throw garbage in respective bins, there were separate bins for plastic, paper, glass and metal. It was quite an advanced concept and Dale even told me that Sweden was buying waste from other countries as the electricity in Sweden was produced by waste now. I was quite shocked to hear this as such a concept was quite new to me. Later on we ate dinner and Dale told me that the Swedish students were quite bad at mathematics and even showed me the grade 12 books which seemed so easy to me as we were taught the same things in grade 8th and 9th. We further talked about his stay in China and his adventures around the world, I was quite fascinated due to the fact that he had stayed in several places - something I aspire to do also. 

Afterwards Dale purposed me to buy some groceries in order to save money for Lunch so we went to the Marsta Centrum and went to Lidl (I was happy to shop in Lidl in Sweden too, I love the Lidl back in Lomza). I got myself some bread and chicken, interestingly I also bought the pizza dough accidently for the second time >.<  and it was quite comical. Coming back from the market I changed my clothes and directly slept as I was tired and it was a bit late.

I woke up at 6:30 as Dale had to leave early for work and that was actually blessing in disguise. I got off at the Gamla Stan stop and it was quite early morning, the first thing I noticed was that the structure of the building was quite amazing. I had never seen such an architecture in my life. I strolled around Gamla Stan for some time meanwhile I booked my ticket for Norway but sadly due to some problem I had to spend some time with the customer representative of Flixbus to sort the issue out (piece of advice never use the Flixbus app in 2021-2022). Later on I moved towards the swedish parliment, it was actually quite different to see parliment from such a near view. As a foreigner I was literally standing outside their building, this was quite different comparative to my country where I couldn't go near the building even unless I had some reference or was a journalist.

Later on I moved towards the King's square and afterwards slowly started to move towards the Swedish library, I was in contact with Justina's mom and we had planned on to meet later on. After the library I moved on to the Hay market and met Justina's mom, she took me to a cafe and we talked a lot there. Justina's mom was a airhostess for her and married an American and moved to America in her late 20's. Later on they divorced and she came back and worked as a single mom to support her children. It was actually very hard for me to comprehend all this because I couldn't imagine how it would have been like 50 to 60 years ago. 

After meeting Justina's mom I tried the electric scooter for the first time in my life and it was actually quite fun, later on I just decided to go around stockholm mostly in the residential area which now I think of wasn't the best thing to do as it was tiresome. Still I visited a lot around the different areas and at evening I came back to King's square and saw this amazing ice skating place. Everyone was enjoying it a lot, I just liked watching it a lot. 

After that I decided to go back to Dale's apartment but on my way back I stumbled upon an Egyptian muesuem which was free, I just decided to visit it and went around the muesuem which contained Roman history along with Egyptian history. Interestingly there was a mummy there too so I saw a real mummy for the first time in my life, I also tried fake Egyptian hair. After that I travelled back to Dale's apartment and he made dinner for me.

We chatted for about 2 hours and then I just slept.
</p>