## January
1. Travelled to Budapest to meet Wali and enjoyed there.
2. Repasted the thermal paste to fix lag issue. 
3. Secured and internship in CENTER SAU. 
4. Travelled back to Turkey and started the internship.
5. Renewed my student permit and uni student card.
6. Met different friends after coming back.
7. Bought CoD:MW (2019).

## Febuary
1. Finished internship in CENTER SAU and wrote staj defter.
2. Went to Istanbul and spent time with 45th Abdalian. 

## March
1. Spent most days in library, started yakamoz project and improving CV etc.
2. Played MW singleplayer.

## April 
1. Ramazan month so tried to survive in KYK.
2. Gave interview for Yazılım Park.
3. Went to Haseeb's house for iftar.
4. Midterm exams.

## May 
1. Went to Istanbul for Eid.
2. Saw Afiniti office in Istanbul.
3. Kept applying for internships and getting rejected.
   
## June
1. Final exams. 
2. Teknofest report and work.
3. Went to Golpark and finished Cyberpunk.
4. Started Death Stranding and got bored to death.
5. Shifted dorm from Arifiye to Sabahttin for summer.

## July
1. Started playing Dota daily and just kept playing it.
2. Started internship on July 4 in Trapmine.
3. Cancelled all lessons I was taking in summers.
4. Celebrated birthday outside with Bedru.
5. Enjoyed campus in summers.
   
## August
1. Collected visa documents and applied for it.
2. Got rejected for visa and binged hard on Dota.

## September
1. Came back to Sakarya and worked hard for job.
2. Tried Ethiopian food with Bedru.
3. Changed dorm from Sabattin Zaim to Arif Nihat.
4. Started creating exobrain.
5. Spent most time in campus or library.
6. Laptop broke down late September and got it fixed.
7. Changed dorm again from Arif Nihat to Sabattin Zaim.
8. Got new shoes and registered for swimming.

## October
1. Started swimming.   
2. Went to doctor for eyes perscription and got glasses.
3. Celebrated Ali's birthday and got Superbox to fix internet issue.
4. Went to Gol Park.
5. Watched DOTA 2 TI11.

## November
1. Watched T20 world cup.
2. Vize exams.
3. Bought a new laptop from BestBuy after researching. 
4. Went to Saqer's house and ate Ouzi.
   
## December
1. Went to Istanbul to receive new laptop.
2. Went up Galata tower and Basilica Cistern.
3. Ate chinese food and transferred files from old laptop to new one.
4. Went to Istanbul with Ali for Ceza concert. Also sold the laptop on good price.
5. Finished homeworks and tasarim.
6. Swam 1000M.
7. Went to Golpark with roomies. 
   





   