---
slug: warsaw-and-alex
title: Warsaw and Alex
authors: [waasiq]
tags: [erasmus, travel]
date: 2021-11-20
---

# Warsaw and Alex

<p style = {{textAlign:"justify"}}>
Initially I was planning on to go to Warsaw on 13th of November but I was so busy with my AI project and other things that going on 13th seemed nearly impossible for me. On 14th I woke up late as I hadn't slept the previous night and my mind needed the rest. 14th morning was a bit of chaos for me in my mind as I was deciding on to leave as early as possible but was confused on which ticket to take, none the less I travelled at 12:35 PM to Warsaw and booked  a hostel while travelling. Reaching Warsaw I saw how cold and misty it was. I got off in front of Building of Culture and Science and took some photos. The building was so magnificent but it was a bit hard to enjoy it with my luggage. 

I directly walked to my hostel and went into the room to leave my luggage and go to check some place to eat something. They gave me room 206 with bed number 3, the room had bunk beds and was quite cheap. When I entered the room I saw a slim bearded guy who I immediately thought was American. After unpacking my stuff a bit I asked him where he was from and to my surprise he was from West Germany. We talked a bit and I learnt that he has been in almost 60 countries which amazed me. 

We talked a bit and then decided to go look for some cheap food to eat, while walking I learnt that Alex was working in a restaurant which provided food and healthy needles for drug addicts. It was not a place for recovery but rather helping them stay healthy instead of using hazardous practices towards things. He was 29 years old and had also worked in Nepal, Vietnam and some other countries. It was quite an insight to someone's life who had travelled a lot. Alex had hitchhiked a lot in his life and stayed with hippies, sadhus and different people. 

We walked about 4 km to other side of Warsaw river towards the historical Praga district. Praga had all the modern buildings with no sign of World War 2 uprising or any other old building. Eventually we found a good Chinese restaurant which served noodles and wanted to order vegetable noodles but the woman gave us chicken noodles. Though I had no problem eating chicken Alex was vegetarian and gave all his chicken to me, Alex was the first vegetarian person who I met in my life. The reason he became vegetarian was because he didn't want to hurt anyone in his life and by eating meat he was in a way harming animals so he left consuming meat and dairy products. For protein intake he chose a substitute of beans and other things. It was quite an interesting talk regarding all this. 

After eating we started to walk back towards the Old Town and although it was night the old town was still really good. We went to the old town square and there was a couple playing Scottish music which was so mesmerizing that we stayed there for some time. The instrument they played - I am not sure what it was but I think so it was bagpipe was so calm and cool on the ears. Afterwards we walked around a bit and I bought a fridge magnet for 10 Zloyt. Then we went around the old city just wandering here and there and started to discuss the history of Poland, I was explaining to Alex regarding how the Poles were under the rule of the Germany, Russian and Astro-Hungarian empire and accidently said Hungarian empire instead of Astro-Hungarian empire when a walking Polish corrected me in perfect English. I was a little bit shocked and apologized for the mistake when Alex told me its okay you are from Pakistan nobody here knows the history of Pakistan so why should you know the history of Poland. I don't remember how but we then discussed the history of Pakistan and the guy again told me that Pakistan was under British rule and then I was telling myself Dude I know the history of subcontinents just calm down. It was clear that the guy was drunk due to the immense smell of alcohol which I could smell from a bit far. I diffused the situation by asking where he was from and upon learning he was from Poland I fired another question of why his English was so impeccable to  which he replied that he stayed in London for 4 years. We talked a bit about Pakistani accent which I found funny and Alex asked him to show us a great bar for Alex to go tomorrow. Afterwards me and Alex decided to go towards the presidential Palace and met some people who was protesting against the cruelty against the animals. We talked there a bit and the women tried to convince me to be vegetarian to which I replied I will research about it (maybe another blogpost after some research? :P) . 

I learnt that Alex had spent about 70% of his life on the road, he had camped in Norway in a camp in nature. He cooked on fire, used solar panel for charging phone and used to bathe in river, this often reminded of the movie Into The Wild. Alex loved trekking and had trekked a lot in Nepal he was planning on coming to Pakistan and trekking there too from India but due to COVID pandemic returned back to Germany. I guess he got bored of all the architectural cities and immensely loved nature, sadly I haven't gotten to that level where I go and camp in nature. I would really love to camp around in Scandinavia because it is so beautiful. Maybe who knows life will give me  a chance.

While walking to the Presidential palace we show a cool show in which street artists were performing using fire and it was quite a show to watch. We walked to the end of street captured a lot of pictures and then slowly returned to the dorm. I had walked about 15 km that day but I still had the energy to go out again, I just chilled at night because the next day I had a flight to Stockholm. 

The next day we had breakfast in our dorm and I checked out, there was a lot of time until 12 (I had to take a train to Warsaw Modlin which was of 1 hour) so I accompanied Alex to the uprising museum. We passed through the industrial area of Warsaw, I actually liked the modern buildings but Alex was of the viewpoint that they give an cold feel to the place. I agreed with him but the tall buildings were really cool for me, after reaching the place we bid goodbyes and I went to the airport.

It was a fun short trip to Warsaw, of course I have to see a lot of museums and other things too which I can always do as Warsaw is just two hours away from Lomza.
</p>