## January 
1. Shifted to dorm. 
2. Final exams.
3. Started playing Apex Legends and tried other games.
4. Got new RAM for SSD, also odered other stuff.
5. Went GoKarting.

## February
1. Played RDR2 for whole month.

## March
1. Went back to Pakistan.

## April
1. Dropped Saad at MCM.

## May and June 
1. Nothing much happened.
2. Kept on gaming, also did finals of semester 4 (The worst semester of college).

## July
1. Went to Lahore with friends.
2. Started working on odev buisness.
3. Vize of summer semester.

## August
1. Finished odevs stuff and prepared to come to Turkey.
2. Played Last of Us with Hasnain and stayed together.
3. Came to Istanbul and stayed in quarantine for 14 days.
4. Came back to Sakarya collected documents for visa.

## September
1. Went to Istanbul to Saboor for applying for visa.
2. Finals of summer semester.
3. Started pwn college course on Cyber Security.
4. Came back to Sakarya after submitting documents for visa.
5. Changed dorm from Ayse Humeyra to Arifiye.
6. Travelled back to Sakarya to get visa.
7. Finalized Erasmus stuff.

## October
1. Travelled to Berlin.
2. Moved to Poland.
3. Settled in Lomza and handled the Erasmus stuff.
4. Met fellow Erasmus students.
5. Started cooking for myself regularly.

## November
1. Researched and bought new laptop.
2. Planned whole trip and travelled to Warsaw, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Germany, Netherlands, Belgium.
3. Met new people and completed uni work on the road.

## December
1. Came back to Poland and completed uni work.
2. Travelled to Barcelona and Paris.
3. Travelled to Krakow and Auschwitz.
4. Bought new mechanical keyboard and spent XMas and new year in Lomza.
